Add date autosuggest to readme; Add en-gb support (#32)
argenos/nldates-obsidian: README.md

### Configuration

| Setting         | Description                                             | Default |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Enable/Disable  | A global toggle to enable or disable the autosuggest    | Enabled |
| Trigger phrase  | Character(s) required to open the autosuggest           | `@`     |
| Insert as link? | Dates will be inserted as wikilinks (i.e. `[[<date>]]`) | Yes     |

## `nldates` URI Action

It's now possible to use the [Obsidian URI](https://publish.obsidian.md/help/Advanced+topics/Using+obsidian+URI) to open daily notes using natural language by using the nldates action `obsidian://nldates?day=<date here>`. Don't forget to [encode space characters](https://publish.obsidian.md/help/Advanced+topics/Using+obsidian+URI#Encoding) appropriately.

| `obsidian://nldates` Parameter | Description                             |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| `day`                          | natural language date string            |
| `newPane`                      | open note in new pane, default is `yes` |

### Commands and Hotkeys

> Starting on v0.3.2, in addition to the hotkey to parse the selected date, the following commands are also available (note that hotkeys are unset by default starting on v0.4.1):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nldates` adds a few commands to work with dates in natural language. You can add custom hotkeys for them by going to `Settings > Hotkeys` and filtering by `Natural Language Dates` (Note that hotkeys are unset by default starting on **v0.4.1**).

```

> ### Natural Language Dates: Date Picker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Natural Language Dates: Date Picker

```
